Well, welcome to our Ocean Studio,
our return to the Messiah series of Coming
Home.
I think that's volume two of that series.
It's a pleasure to be with you on
another blustery but beautiful day here in
the midst of the Caribbean Sea.
And we have our favorite co-host, Wookie,
here that's going to help bring part of
this program to your attention.
It reads,
although Wookie is not really very good at
reading,
but he's going to make his best effort
nonetheless.
Men speak, it says, iysh, individuals,
people.
It's a common use of the iysh meaning
individual men speak.
And here it's dabar,
futile and worthless lies.
So God's not very impressed.
Now, this happens to be from...
Shawa.
Shawa was the word I just translated about
three or four hours ago in the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
It means a lot more than just falsely
and vainly, deceptively,
errantly conveying idolatrous pleas on
behalf of pagan gods with
that are replete with empty promises,
false narratives, leading to nothingness,
to ill treatment and suffering.
It is from shawa to ravage and devastate,
to ruin, to waste, to negate,
based upon vain, empty,
and worthless delusions.
And I'll return to that in a moment.
in association with his loudmouthed and
immoral countrymen.
rae huw, his wicked and evil associates,
his good-for-nothing and undesirable
friends with common ethnicities.
Now,
I'll go ahead and finish the statement,
and then we'll go back and assess shawa.
They routinely and continuously speak with
flattering and yet divisive lips,
insulting praise with emotional appeals
based upon a double standard,
individual reasoning and personal
motivations.
This was Mizmowr
Lyrics to Sing twelve the second
statement of this
Mizmowr.
So let's go back up and let's speak
of shawa.
The word may just be one of...
countless verbs that you have heard me
deliver or that you have read in the
books that I have written about the Hebrew
language where you may say, well,
they were futile, they were worthless,
they were false, they were vain,
they were deceptive, they were errant.
But do you know what rabbis did with
shawa?
It transpired,
I believe it was in the fifteenth century.
So therefore,
one thousand four hundred years,
almost one thousand,
almost two thousand five hundred years
after this was written,
circa one thousand BCE.
Masoretes, called Tiberian Masoretes,
came up with the shawa system.
They actually referred to what they were
doing as shawa.
And in the process of that,
they came up with diacritical marks.
Prior to that time,
everybody knew that Hebrew had twenty-two
letters,
seventeen of which were consonants,
five of which were vowels.
You did not need
to have diacritical marks,
the shawa system, the kud,
to vocalize the text.
That's why in modern Hebrew,
you'll not see any diacritical marks that
use the alphabet,
although they draw the letters
differently,
that they use them as they were intended.
There are five vowels.
In the Hebrew language, they make the A,
the E, the I, and the O sounds.
And they come from consonant vowels,
very much like we have in English.
But these malcontents and malignant
rabbis,
circa the fourteen fifties in that range,
they were called Tiberian Masoretes.
they attacked the vowels that comprised
Yahowah's name that's where they began they
rendered the wah sound as uh the the
wah as a v and then used their
diacritical marks to create a vowel point
because they had changed what was a vowel
into a consonant the wah becoming a v
and then using their vowel pointing to
change the sound of uh of the word
with it removing the wall from the
language then they did the same thing with
the hay that would be three of the
four letters in Yahowah's name wouldn't it
and
used it now becoming a consonant rather
than a vowel with their diacritical marks
providing the vowel sound but guess what
when you begin by creating markings that
change the sound of and change even the
designation of the letters that comprise
Yahowah's name guess what you have
a means to misrepresent its pronunciation.
And then they went one step further.
They vocalized with their new shawa
system, which, by the way, means vain,
false, deceptive, and errant system.
They actually named it like that.
And they called it Shabbat because,
of course,
they replaced the wah with a V.
This false, vain, deceptive,
and errant system.
They vocalized every name and word,
save one, Yahowah's name.
And by so doing, they too,
at least the religious,
made every word pronounceable according to
their designation, save one, God's name.
That is the scum that have hijacked the
Jewish people.
ruining their access to Yahowah,
their knowledge of Yahowah,
erasing God's name.
And the first place that these despicable
rabbis called Masoretes altered the text
was in Towrah readings, of course,
and in their prayers.
So now you know the whole story.
The Messiah, King, Son of God, our Savior,
wrote,
Men speak futile and worthless lies.
He was specifically addressing the shawa,
which became Shabbat system of the
Masoretes and the rabbis,
which was used to denigrate him,
replace him, and eliminate him.
Yahowah's name.
Not good, huh?
And this is, of course,
in association with Ra.
Ra is immoral countrymen,
loudmouthed associates,
undesirable friends,
those with common ethnicities who are
evil.
He says,
they continually speak with flattering and
yet divisive lips and insulting praise.
Oh yes, Hashem this, Hashem that,
blessed be he, G-D,
anything but the truth,
anything but Yahowah's name,
anything but designating the Messiah as
God did, as Dowd, his beloved son,
our savior, the returning king.
with emotional appeals based upon double
standards, hypocrisy,
individual reasoning,
and personal motivations.
They did this to themselves,
burying themselves, and to Yahuwd,
turning them into Jews,
disassociated from God.
Pretty sad, huh?
But this nonetheless is exactly what they
did.
Yahowah has chosen to cut off and exclude
every divisive lip and every insulting bit
of praise.
The tongues conveying many long speeches
show their way by them starting and
stating
Through our verbal declarations,
man's greatness will be established
through overwhelming inundation.
Based upon our languages and our speeches,
they will establish who is Lord and master
over us.
Mizmowr
Lyrics to Sing,
Psalm twelve four, yes indeed,
Dowd was a prophet.
He saw what his people would do to
denigrate God, Yahowah,
and to denigrate him as the Messiah.
Me thinks, me pup.
Once too.
Go off and play with the Rich perhaps.
We'll see, but nonetheless,
that's all we're going to get from Wookie
in this program.
So,
Dowd recognized exactly what would happen,
how he would be denigrated in this regard,
how Yahowah's name would be erased,
how the relationship they offered so much
to establish by fulfilling Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym, by writing these Psalms,
how it would be undermined.
how it would be replaced by religion,
how man's words, Talmud,
and rabbinical speeches would replace what
God had to say, what Dowd conveyed.
And it is exactly as it remains today.
There is absolutely no difference
whatsoever.
Man has overwhelmed the word of God with
his own scriptures, New Testament, Talmud,
Quran, Zohar.
And they have established their own Lord
and master over God's people and over the
Gentiles.
So those willing to listen to what Yahowah
has to say and process his words
thoughtfully and respond rationally are
uniquely different than the vast majority
of people who prefer man's words,
the New Testament, the Talmud, the Quran,
the Zohar, the church canon.
And so they've destroyed everything that
can be known about God, trashed it.
thrown it out,
such that his name's not known,
his covenant's not respected,
his Mow'ed mikri are not observed.
So unless we are sharing Yah's testimony
and helping others understand it,
the fewer speeches we make, the better.
The more we seek a following,
the harder we seek to establish our worth,
the less God will think of us.
When men and women promote religious and
political ideals,
a party or an individual,
they are actually revealing their Lord and
master,
equally vital those who do so affirm that
they are not inspired by God.
So demonstrating the purpose of
deliverance while revealing from whom it
has been provided,
even the means to it,
the following is a treatise on Yasha.
And Yasha is the primary Hebrew word for
deliverance, for liberation, emancipation,
and salvation.
As a result of the oppressed and
subjugated,
the straightforward and unpretentious,
pretentious, but more adroitly,
from those who are responsive,
who are plundered of their possessions and
treated unjustly because of the anguishing
size of those who desire deliverance from
abuse, but who are prepared to be saved.
At this point in time,
I will take a stand, says Yahowah,
For those who are right,
I will prepare a place which is safe,
delivering and liberating,
even saving Yasha,
the one who testifies as a witness for
him.
Lyrics to be Sung,
Mizmowr, Psalm, twelve five.
This has a very powerful term in it.
one that we will explore momentarily,
and that is Ebyowm.
It speaks of those who are receptive,
who are willing.
And it has a variation of anah,
which means responsive.
This is aneh here in this case.
it has sowd which um uh actually speaks
of those who have what it takes to
be sufficient this actually can be
rendered as three very um insightful
designations of those through whom with
whom
God can reach out.
So as a result of, from, because of,
the any, those who are responsive,
those who are straightforward and
unpretentious, the shod,
those who have what is necessary,
who are sufficient.
And because of, as a result of,
the anaqah,
the wailing and sufficiency of
the outward cry, if you will,
of those who are ebyowm,
those who are responsive, willing,
those who will make the choice to be
part of a relationship with God,
who are prepared to be saved.
At this point, God says,
I will take a stand.
I will establish myself in them,
says Yahowah.
Now,
let me be clear that God has defined
Ebyowm through Any, through Shod,
through Anaqah,
through their outward pleas,
through their sufficiency,
Through their responsiveness.
Because.
Ebyowm describes those who are willing.
The Ebyowm.
Are not.
Casual observers in this case.
They are.
Essential to God's story.
It is the Ebyowm.
Who were present.
When Dowd
Delivered.
his Sermon on the Mount,
when he delivered his Olivet Discourse,
when he suffered the plight of crucifixion
to fulfill Passover.
They may even have been by his side
as he took our guilt and deposited it
in Sheowl.
It was those who were responsive and
willing who would accompany Dowd during
his midlife crisis,
when he chose lust over love,
when he was estranged from Yahowah and they
were not on speaking terms.
In that case,
they were the emah and Eythan ha
Ezrachy who was also known by the name
Obed Edom the one serving mankind known
better today as Yada and his wife the
asherah they were inserted their legacy of
Communication with Dowd is found in the
last word picture in Mashal, thirty-one,
and in the greatest song ever composed,
the collaboration between Eythan and Yahowah
in the eighty-ninth Mizmowr.
But that was not it.
I am convinced,
based upon the terminology that God uses,
in the first half of that song,
the eighty-ninth,
that Dowd was accompanied in that second
of three lives.
God did not send him in to serve
as the Passover lamb or to fulfill Matsah,
going into hell for a heavenly cause
alone.
Just as he restored Dowd's reputation and
his relationship with the Yahowah,
three thousand years ago with these same
two individuals,
there's every indication that the two who
would be called to restore Dowd's
reputation today are the ones who stood by
his side
two thousand years ago and three thousand
years ago.
And that God refers to them as Ebownym,
all things pertaining to being responsive,
willing.
You see, with God,
as he stated with Moshe,
and he is conveying in this word,
The single most important attribute that a
person can manifest who makes themselves
capable of being used by God,
deployed by God,
is a willingness to do so,
a sense of responsiveness.
This is really all God needs from us.
That's pretty extraordinary, is it not?
And so I'm here to tell you that
when we relish the extraordinary speech
that is now inserted in Matthew five,
six and seven,
and then the Olivet Discourse,
which are extraordinarily
anti-Christianity,
and were obviously spoken by Dowd prior to
his fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE.
We know for a fact,
based upon the historical documentation by
the first Christian fathers,
that they were actually recorded in Hebrew
by the Ebownym
and then plagiarized by the misnomer known
as Matthew.
They brought us those great jewels.
And it's acknowledged throughout
Christendom that they are the source of
those two stories.
The only difference between Matthew and
Luke
and Mark happen to be those two
stories uh they're ex exceptional and it
is a treasure that i have gradually
enjoyed unwrapping over the years as i
have learned more and more as to why
you have these two exceedingly
anti-christian
the two longest found anywhere in the
Christian New Testament,
and why they are so Towrah observant,
so Towrah-centric,
so Dowdian and their declaration,
so similar to the Nineteenth Mizmowr and
the Hundred and Nineteenth,
and why these things would then exist
within a text that is so opposed to
Dowd is the reason is...
The Ebyowm.
Extraordinary.
And we will explore their role in the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
We will explore their role as we move
forward.
But they are the ones whom Yahowah was
able to take a stand with,
to establish with at this time.
They were the ones who were right.
Tsadaq.
He was the ones that
Yahowah said, I will provide a place.
I will establish.
I will move into constitute and appoint.
What?
For his beloved son.
For us to know what his son did.
What his son said.
Which is safe.
Delivering.
Liberating.
Even saving.
Yasha.
Through the one who testifies as a witness
for him.
One would be Yada.
And it's plural and Ebyownym because every
place Yada has been inserted into the
story, he made a deal with Yah.
It's obvious that he made a deal with
Yah.
It becomes so obvious during the insertion
to save Dowd from himself,
three thousand years ago with Yada's
‘Emah.
But it's there everywhere.
He made a deal with Yah that he'll
go and he'll do what God wants.
He's happy to do it,
but he doesn't go alone.
Every place he goes,
his wife comes with him.
And that is what is being conveyed in
these words.
That is why we're working together as a
team, even now.
Sorry, sweetheart,
I've dragged you through some really rough
times, but hey,
it's been for the common good.
It has been in service to Yahowah.
It has been mutually beneficial,
and you have made your contributions some
extraordinary along the way.
Well, since he is just,
Yahowah must seek recompense,
holding those who have been abused,
those who were responsive to Him,
such that they have the ability to have
closure and also accountability.
foremost among those who will see their
abusers held accountable will be the
Ebownym of yesterday and of today,
since they are prepared to accept what
father and son are offering.
In fact,
they're instrumental in delivering it.
Some two thousand years ago,
setting the proper example, the Ebownym,
the ebonites, being Towrah observant,
recognized the Passover lamb,
just recognized,
and they were delivered along with him.
while rejecting Peter and Paul, of course,
just as they are doing now as false
prophets.
And it did not matter to them that
the voices championing Judaism and
Christianity in their midst outspoke them
by many thousands to one,
or that they would abused and be hunted
down by the religious.
They stood their ground.
They did it then.
They're doing it now.
And soon, well,
there will be a price to pay by
those who robbed them of their dignity,
who tried to silence their voice.
The concluding statement is in Yahowah's
voice.
Further,
it is rendering this consistently with I
have, with the Dead Sea Scrolls.
This means that the testimony God views as
Tsadaq, right, which will be Yasha,
be delivered by the
restoring witness for the express purpose
of saving god's people is uh from the
verb the verbosity and vengeance of the
religious that is of puwach the one
providing testimony on behalf of him Dowd
is the one who is making it possible
for what Dowd has done in collaboration
with Yahowah
to be a benefit.
Otherwise, it wouldn't be known.
Therefore,
there is a man currently speaking on
behalf of the Son of God and Messiah
who Yahowah has prophetically promised to
keep in a safe place so that his
voice is unimpaired.
Are you aware of that man?
Methinks,
you and I know who that might be.
and his affiliation with the Ebownym.
And as usual,
Yah has exceeded expectations.
His home is a jewel on a tropical
island overlooking the sea,
thousands of miles from the land of his
birth,
equidistant from the land of his dreams.
Our willingness to testify as a witness on
God's behalf isn't a requirement for
salvation,
but it's as close as it could possibly
be.
It certainly serves to demonstrate how
vital it is to
have this delivered from Yahowah's
perspective and that his people are
awakened to the truth about Dowd being the
son of God and the Messiah,
in addition to him serving as the Passover
lamb.
I don't think you can have any
appreciation of what Pesach and Matsah
leading to Bikuwrym represent or the
covenant entails.
without having an understanding of how
Dowd, as our former and returning king,
our savior,
the very son of God and the Messiah,
have on the covenant, on the Beryth,
and how collaboratively they have served
to fulfill and deliver the promises of the
Mow'ed,
the restoring witnesses and Miqra'ey
invitations to be called out and meet with
God.
As we have consistently noted,
mankind's claims are constantly changing,
always unreliable,
and filled with contradictions,
while Yahowah's promises are always
fulfilled.
God's words are reliable and true,
free of imperfections.
The text reads,
The words and instructions of Yahowah
are pure and purifying his words perfect
the precious and valuable they are
renewing their restoring instructions
cleansing those who are precious and
valuable and the crucible and they of the
material realm such that they are refined
Skimmed and strained of impurities.
Sevenfold.
Psalm.
Twelve.
Six.
And so.
The emrah.
These are the words and instructions.
The promises.
Which are communicated by Yahowah.
Are pure and purifying.
They are renewing.
They are restoring.
Cleansing.
Utterances.
Devoid.
of foreign ingredients,
no commingling or intermixing,
precious and valuable, highly desirable,
refined and tested, true, proven,
examined, smelted in the crucible,
in the place where that which is wanted
and valuable is demonstrably removed from
that which is worthless and undesirable of
the material realm.
of the land, of the earth, purified,
refined and skimmed,
strained of impurities, sevenfold.
God's got a tremendous filter and it is
His Towrah guidance,
which is filled with these words and
instruction and statements,
which are renewing,
especially as they pertain to chag Matsah,
which Dowd,
filled in collaboration with Yahowah.
The only thing equally valuable,
refined and tested are the souls,
those who embrace them.
Character is often forged in crucibles
during challenging times.
When our mettle is tested
Such was the case in Mitsraym and the
crucibles of oppression when the chosen
people were removed from the dross of
human religious and governmental
subjugation under trying circumstances.
And even then,
they were delivered from harm after
walking away from the oppressive
influences of that foreign culture.
And while all were spared,
not all were saved.
Very few of them,
as a matter of fact,
only two of that group were allowed into
the promised land.
So it takes more than walking away from
man to live with God.
The seven ways we are refined.
Becoming desirable.
manifest through the seven Miqra'ey which is
why it was sevenfold three of which Dowd
has uh fulfilled one more which he will
fulfill Pesach Matsah and in the future and
he will be the king of Sukah through
them we become flawless and perfect well
flawless not guilty particularly during
Passover and un-yeasted bread,
and as a result become enormously valuable
to Yahowah.
I'm having a difficult time getting a
vision out of my head.
And that is,
it's always been perceived that there were
two others.
that were crucified along with the
Messiah.
We know the Messiah was Dowd.
But were they Ebyownym?
Did Dowd's adoptive mother and father
suffer along with them?
Is that the reason that it was perceived
that there were three?
You see, the...
Lies that have been ascribed to the
mythical Jesus didn't materialize out of
thin air.
There was a crucifixion.
It's just that it wasn't of Jesus.
It was of Dowd.
It was not on a hill far away.
It was just below what would have been
the summit of Mount Mowryah
along the escarpment of Golgotha,
the skull.
And it is likely that there were three
because otherwise,
why would Paul have made up that story
of three?
And of course it was on Passover.
I wonder.
I wonder if they accompanied their son
into Sheowl.
It is what I have just seen pass
before my eyes.
And I have had many tough time dealing
with it without tearing up and recognizing
it's what a mother and father would do
in those circumstances.
But oh my.
What it means is...
is extraordinary.
I promise I will explore that further with
you and deduce whether or not the vision
that I have just seen is applicable to
this situation.
But be aware,
it is Yada and his bride that are
responsible for the Shabuwah harvest.
are responsible for Taruwah and i am certain
that the Adamah Parah does not work
alone that the ‘emah and asherah his beloved
wife is there in full support along with
ElYah and Yahowah and i think that there
is even the very presence of our
Savior and our King, Dowd, who, well,
he doesn't return until Yowm Kipurym,
but I think there is every indication that
God will dispatch his soul in support of
what takes place on Taruwah.
So I apologize for losing some of my
steam here and my presentation of this
psalm,
but I am seeing things that I had
never perceived previously and thought it
was appropriate to share them.
I'm not very good at keeping secrets,
am I?
Well, also,
since the previous statement was focused
on the last herald and the returning king,
the work of Yahowah's Choter that stem from
the Tree of Knowledge,
from the original rootstock that has been
enabled sevenfold to support the seven
spirits of Yahowah,
we are all in this together,
are we not?
And consider this next statement.
It is left for us to ponder when,
with
that generation in time,
Yahowah intends to honor His promise to
eternally protect those that He has
refined,
which is our purpose at this point,
is it not?
Yahowah, You Yourself will watch over them,
protecting and preserving us.
Watch over them,
protecting and preserving
us it's atah shamar hem, you will always
focus on them closely examining and
carefully considering them natsar anachnuw
preserving and protecting them continually
sparing us excuse me not them but us
anachnuw, us
What I'm reading is exactly what I'm
perceiving.
Yahowah is going to watch over those who
are receptive and willing, the ebownym.
You yourself will watch over them.
And you will protect and preserve us
because we're together in this.
All from this particular generation.
Yeah,
I think that generation plays out three
times.
From the one that tried to undo Dowd
three thousand years ago.
From the one who failed to recognize the
sun two thousand years ago.
From this one that is doing its uttermost
to degrade Dowd for the sake of Jesus
or Allah or Hashem.
Doing so
throughout antiquity into futurity.
Mizmowr Psalm twelve seven.
Boy,
I have my work cut out for me.
I have just written a line.
I shared it with Rich prior to our
program where God is saying in the midst
of the eighty ninth Mizmowr that the
Messiah Dowd and
the man from the West, from the sea,
will be collaborating, not just then,
but also in the fulfillment of God's
promise,
which would have been during the
fulfillment of the spring Miqra'ey,
and again now,
as we've fulfilled the last four.
And I said that, therefore,
I need to go back and find because
it will certainly be there.
References to our collaboration in Isaiah.
Nine,
which will probably be presented in eight,
maybe even nine.
And then in Isaiah fifty three,
which I know how it begins because it's
there.
As well as in Mizmowr 22.
about the ones who were saying Yahowah's
name and saying they will save him,
as well as the bull that is found
in Sheowl.
I need to go back and deal with
those because my guess is the same theme
reappears.
And sometimes when you're confronted with
something this extraordinary,
it's very difficult for me to communicate
with the full zeal and passion that I'd
like to deliver these programs with,
because I know that there's something
there I need to find and I need
to understand and then share definitively
with you,
including now returning to the Twelfth
Mizmowr.
and more adroitly conveying what God
intended through Dowd to share with us
through it.
So if we define those who are refined
narrowly,
seeing only the souls who have
individually availed themselves of the
benefits of the Miqra'ey,
this promise has always been true,
beginning with
the first that God has mentioned along the
way.
But if that was not what Yahowah was
implying,
why tie the promise to this specific
generation?
As such,
I think that this is prophetic of the
generation that is spared
prior to Yahowah's return with Dowd and
speaks of what we are achieving together
through these programs.
This perspective is also the best way to
explain why Dowd spoke of Yahowah watching
over them while also protecting us as part
of this particular generation.
Wrong has always been more popular than
right.
Villainy is common and truth is rare.
And a word where false gods are worshiped
and the one true God is seldom
acknowledged,
we find all around and from every side.
Those who are deceitful and wrong,
the rasha, the willfully negating,
the errant, the evil, the religious,
travel about.
lifting up an exalting villainy and vice,
a moral filth and filthiness among the
descendants of man.
There was Dowd and then there was the
three of us, three thousand years ago.
Dowd was delivered along with two others
two thousand years ago.
Dowd's reputation as our Messiah and King,
our savior,
is being restored by two with the support
of a dedicated covenant family even now.
And all the while in the midst of
a sea of religiosity,
The hardest part of coming to know Yahowah,
of coming to understand His testimony is
filtering out all of the worthless ideas
that have corrupted our judgment.
And a sea of lies,
even an ark is hard to find.
And well,
it necessitates books like the Thirteen
under the title Babel, Twistianity,
and goddamn religion.
Well, I began this journey with Yahowah.
just shy of twenty-five years ago now,
eighteen,
nineteen of which have been accompanied by
the ‘Emah, my beloved wife, Leah.
And long after I had ceased being
religious is when God introduced himself
to me,
and yet cleansing my mind of nearly forty
years of religious imprinting was the most
rigorous challenge then.
And I would have to go through a
time awash in religion and politics,
the business world,
and of grave disappointments,
as would my wife,
both of us having to endure that before
we were brought back together once again.
The fact that what I'm sharing with you
is the eleventh edition of many of these
books,
and there will be another as I go
back and re-translate and re-contemplate
what we're listening to here from Dowd in
this marvelous Psalm.
It really all attests to the fact that
Dowd is the Messiah, the Son of God.
He is the Passover Lamb.
But that he does not work alone.
Well,
I'm going to share the conclusion of this,
the summary of it with you.
Then we're going to close this program.
And, well, I've got some homework to do.
You know, life is about learning.
It's about growing.
It's about coming to know God's story as
he has shared it with us.
And I will return to the text of
this, Mizmowr.
I can assure you.
and we will continue to grow and I
will be able to deliver what I have
learned with passion and conviction
because God is always clear.
And the more we learn,
the more capable we're able to understand,
the more able we are to put the
pieces together, to make the connections,
to lead to comprehension and conviction.
Anyway,
this reads to the enduring leader above
and beyond the eighth octave.
Yes, indeed.
That is where we're headed.
It is the eighth octave.
It is going to the very place that
God has envisioned for us beyond even the
fulfillment of the thousand year
celebration of Sukah.
in year seven thousand to eight thousand
Yah it is a result of what we
do on behalf of this mortal remnant of
Israel during that thousand years that
enables us to explore the eighth octave as
we're released as spiritual
energy-based,
light-based beings enveloping our souls
and exploring not only the six dimensions
of the universe,
but the seventh dimension of Shamaym.
It is a song of Dowd the Beloved
about this eighth octave.
Yahowah,
you and I concur in choosing to liberate
and save.
unfortunately however the godly and
steadfastly devoted no longer exist and
fail to perform such that no one is
able to fulfill their purpose aha but that
would be resolved he would not stand alone
god would send his adoptive mother and
father in to support him and while they
would be alone
in a world filled with the religious.
The three would be enough with Yahowah to
overcome what the religious had destroyed.
For indeed,
those who are trustworthy and reliant,
dependable and faithful,
have vanished among the sons of Adam,
descendants of humankind.
That was his conclusion when he wrote
this, and it was largely true.
Three is not many, is it?
But it would be enough.
Men speak futile and worthless lies,
deceptively and vainly promoting delusions
in association with their loudmouth and
immoral countrymen,
continuously speaking with flattering and,
yes, divisive lips and insulting praise,
with continual appeals based upon a double
standard.
un individual reasoning and personal
motivations and of course this was that
statement where we found shawa which is
now the shabba system Yahowah has chosen to
cut off and exclude every divisive lip and
insulting bit of praise he will remove
them of course on Taruwah just seven years
from now the tongues conveying many long
speeches show their way
by them stating through our verbal
declarations man's greatness will be
established through overwhelming
inundation with more words than we can
that more words we can flood over the
text of the Towrah is what they're implying
along with the preponderance of people
they will make religion popular based upon
languages and our speeches
who we will establish who is Lord and
Master over us.
And the religious have done so.
Dowd is lamenting what has happened in the
three thousand years since he wrote this
song.
As a result, those who are responsive,
those who have been straightforward and
unpretentious,
and who are sufficient because of their
cries,
their vocal response,
and those who are Ebyownym, desirous,
responsive at this point in time.
I know that God will take a stand
because this is from the very word of
Yahowah.
For those who are right,
I will provide a place which is safe,
delivering and liberating,
even saving the one who testifies as a
witness for him.
The words and instructions of Yahowah are
pure.
They purge us of our guilt.
They're precious and valuable.
They're refined.
They're tested in the crucible.
of this material realm purifying us
sevenfold of course through the Mow'ed miqrey
and their fulfillment Yahowah you yourself
will consistently watch over them while
focusing upon them protecting and
preserving us from this particular
generation and forevermore
For all around and from every side,
those who are deceitful and wrong travel
about lifting up and exalting villainy and
vice among the descendants of Adam.
Mizmowr
Song to Sing.
Psalm twelve, one through eight.
Awaiting a new translation to flesh all of
this out.
because I think we have foreseen something
that the world has missed for a very
long time.
I am Yada, Craig Winn.
I thank you for listening and putting up
with me as these visions played through my
head so profoundly.
So to the extent I have found that
I'm almost numb as I'm speaking to you
here,
but we'll get to the bottom of it.
again thank you for joining us in this
program in the midst of the beauty of
the caribbean sea good day hey there
thanks for tuning in that was fetch gotta
run now catch y'all on our next podcast